Finops update 09052024 (#960)
microsoft/finops-toolkit: docs-mslearn/framework/understand/reporting.md

- Which subscription types (or offers) are supported. For instance, data for classic CSP and sponsorship subscriptions isn't available in Cost Management and must be obtained from other data sources.
- Which charges are included. For instance, taxes aren't included.
- How tags get used and tracked. For instance, some resources don't support tags and [tag inheritance](/azure/cost-management-billing/costs/enable-tag-inheritance) must be enabled manually to inherit tags from subscriptions and resource groups.
- When to use "actual" and "amortized" cost.
  - "Actual" cost shows charges as they were or as they're shown on the invoice. Use actual costs for invoice reconciliation.
  - "Amortized" cost shows the effective cost of resources that used a commitment-based discount (reservation or savings plan). Use amortized costs for cost allocation, to "smooth out" large purchases that might look like usage spikes, and numerous commitment-based discount scenarios.
- How credits are applied. For instance, credits are applied when the invoice is generated and not when usage is tracked.

Understanding your cost data is critical to enable accurate and meaningful showback to all stakeholders.

> Consider using the FinOps Open Cost & Usage Specification [FOCUS project](https://azure.microsoft.com/updates/export-cost-using-focus/) as the standard billing schema for your report if you need to report from multiple sources, such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider using the [FinOps Open Cost & Usage Specification (FOCUS) project](https://aka.ms/ftk/focus) as the standard billing schema for your report if you need to report from multiple sources, such as:
```
